[sdk/dotnet] Introduce deployment outputs to minimise friction in NET6 programs (#9343)
pulumi/pulumi: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

- [cli] - Installing of language specific project dependencies is now managed by the language plugins, not the pulumi cli.
  [#9294](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/pull/9294)

> - [sdk/dotnet] Introduce deployment outputs to minimise friction in NET6 programs

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
- [sdk/dotnet] Introduce deployment outputs to minimise friction in .NET 6 programs
```
